Hi, everyone.
In this next year, we're going to cover implicit and explicit binding.
All right, so we are going to start talking about the four different ways to invoke it function, and
you might ask, OK, why do I have to know this is the object oriented programming chapter.
Why do I have to know about how a function is called?
I already know that.
You know only one way of doing that, OK?
And the reason that we are talking about the ways that we can call a function is because a function
call in how it is called is actually going to determine what the this key word inside does.
That function is going to refer to an OK.
And you might say, OK, what this what the this keyword has got to do with this object oriented programming.
Now, the one of the core pillars of OPIS is that this key word, OK, and towards the end of metal,
to end of this chapter, you will understand why did this key word is important, right, to understanding
the object oriented programming in JavaScript?
All right.
So the first way that we can call a function is I just named it the implicit.
Well, this is not something that I came up with.
This is actually the actual name.
But the order this is like in no specific order, the first way we can call a function is the implicit
binding role.
OK, and now here we have an object that is moving up inside the object.
We have a property called movie and we have a method or a function called movie func.
Now, if I were to comment this line in and run it, what do you think?
This key word?
Is going to point to now we cannot understand we cannot determine what the this keyword is going to
point out by looking at the function we need to come all the way down here were to the where the function
is called.
We need to go to the call site.
Right.
So this is the call site.
The calls and the call site determines what the this keyword is keyword is going to refer to.
Right.
Now, this key word is going to because the movie function has been called as a method of the movie
Sharp Object, the this keyword is going to end up pointing at this movie shop.
Right.
And if I were to come in this one in and save it, we would see that this movie is actually movie shopped
movie.
And so the movie description, we know what the movie description is.
It is movie is what I'm watching.
And what is this?
That movie, this movie is going to access this key.
What is the value?
The switch.
So we should see inside the console, the switch movie is what I am watching.
So if I save it, we get that.
It says the switch movie is what I'm watching.
Right.
So the so this particular rule is the most common and the most intuitive because it decides the method
based on based upon what object you call it from now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead
and I'm going to copy this and I'm going to put it right here.
Now, this is another example of the implicit binding.
Now, the good thing about implicit binding is I'm just going to come in these two out.
I don't want to ruin the surprise again.
Now, the good thing about the implicit binding is you can create a function with which is this aware
now, a function that has the this keyword inside of it is called this aware.
And we can call it like five times two times in this case, five times a thousand times.
It doesn't matter.
We can call it as many times as we want.
OK, now, in this case, the movie Sharp Object movie Shaft one and movie shop two objects, they are
two distinct objects, OK?
They are two separate pieces of data.
OK, and they they have two distinct two distinct movies, movie properties inside of them.
They do call the movie func right here, but they're movie property is different.
So in this case we have click and in this case we have Leape here.
Right.
So but because we have a reference to the movie function, OK, when I call this this movie func, because
it is actually referring to this movie shop one and movie shop to the this keyword is going to refer
in the case of the movie shop one, it is going to refer to movie shop one.
And in the case of movies, shop to the this keyword is going to refer to movie shop to Y because movie
shop one accesses or calls this function.
OK, so the this keyword is going to end up pointing at this movie shop one and movie shop two also
calls this function.
So this keyword can be called inside here as well.
So if I save it we can see we have Click is a fantastic movie.
Leafier is a romantic movie.
So even though we have one function, but we have two different this contexts for this function.
Now, let's think back, OK, the way we explain the lexical scope.
OK, now the idea of lexical scope is a very fixed and predictable thing, right?
It is defined at Arthur Time or it's also called compile time.
And nothing about the runtime can ever change that.
And and here we have something that is not fixed and predictable.
It's entirely dynamic.
It's entirely determined at runtime.
See, now the tradeoff here is not accidental.
The tradeoff here is very intentional.
And that what we really are getting is we are getting the choice between predictable and flexible.
OK, and we benefit from the flexibility.
OK, of being able to share one function across different contexts, but there are times when that flexibility
is a downside and what I would prefer to have is predictability.
OK, so we have a choice of between the flexibility and the predictability.
It's not that one is right and the other is wrong.
It's just that these are different tools that that they hand and that they have different benefits.
OK, now in this in these two examples, we just saw the flexibility of the discord.
The next way that we can call a function is called the explicit binding.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to come in this one out and I'm going to save it and I'm going
to go ahead and I'm going to copy.
This and I'm going to paste it right here, so the second way to call a function is explicit, binding,
and I'm not going to save it.
Now, the here we have a function again, the same movie func again.
We have two different objects.
But keep in mind that none of these objects has a method called movie func.
So we don't have that method here.
Again, we just have one property that is movie right now, the dot com method.
We just talked about it.
We we talked about the dot com method in our previous lecture.
And I told you how it refers to an object, but what it actually refers to, I know at the end it is
going to grab this object.
But actually what it refers to, it is going to grab the this keyword as the first argument.
OK, if you have visited the link that I gave you in the previous lecture, you might have said, OK,
what this is going to take this keyword.
The reason that we use call is because the first argument is always going to point to the this keyword.
OK, now the first argument is that this keyword and when this is the this keyword, what is movie shop
one movie shop one.
I know it is it is going to point to the discovery.
But what it represents, it represents an object.
That's why we say that the first does this movie shop.
The first argument is an object, because in the case in the previous lecture's case and in this case,
it is going to grab an object.
And does this object have a movie property on it?
Yes, it does.
Movie shop one does.
So this movie is going to give us click.
And in this case, this movie is going to give us the leap here.
And because we are not in the in the case of implicit binding, we talked about we we talked about how
that is what the this keyword points out indirectly.
But in here we know what it directly points out.
That's why we use the call method and that's why it's called explicit binding.
We are explicitly providing that this key word as the first argument to this call method.
And what is this is represented by?
It is represented by an object.
So this movie is actually a movie shop, dot movie.
So movies have that movie is going to give us click.
So this that movie is going to give us click.
And you can see that we have not used the object to call this function in here.
We used movie shop, one dot movie func, but in here we just say movie dot com.
All right.
So movie shop one is going to grab this and it is going to move up to this.
The movie shop is going to grab this movie.
And if I save it, we get the same results here.
But what if you might ask?
Okay, what if we don't have that specific property for that specific object?
So if I were to comment this one out and let's say like cinema, like a movie company.
And I would just say, like one in bribes, right, and if I save it, we are going to get an undefined
for this cure because it cannot access the this keyword.
It knows that the this keyword is pointing at this object, but we have no way of grabbing the discourse
value.
If I were to say this DOT movie company, we would say like WB.
So if I were to come this one out and copy it below and movie.
This that movie you can see we have here company, and if I say it, it says WB is a fantastic movie
and now you can see that this one is undefined.
Why?
Because when it comes to the second object, we have also said this is a movie company and this doesn't
have a this that movie company.
It doesn't have a movie company object attached to it.
So I'm just going to do this.
I'm going to I'm going to keep it here so you know how these work.
OK, now.
There is another way to call using in the explicit binding rule, and that is the dot dot apply method
and also that blind method, which I'm not going to dive into because both of them actually do the same
thing as this dot call, except for the dot binder, which is like a really, really, really advanced
topic, which I really don't feel like getting into, because that is going to confuse, like really,
really confuse you.
So even though this is a different JavaScript, but that is like on a whole different level, that blind
method, and I'm not going to talk about it, OK?
So at the end, I just want to say that we have covered two ways that we can call a function.
The first way was implicit binding, where we implicitly found out what the this keyword is pointing
out.
But in the explicit binding case, we know what the this key word is going to point out explicitly.
So we know it is going to point out the movie shop one.
It is so obvious.
Right.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.